(I was born in Luoying Valley.)
(We are a respected, righteous sect)
(founded by Founder Beichen.)
(Yet the women in the valley bear)
(the curse of the demoness.)
(The first one lived alongside beasts.)
(The second one eloped with villains.)
(The third one obsessed over poisons.)
(My aunt Cai Pingshu, the fourth one,)
(was finally not a demoness.)
(Yet Nie Hengcheng,
Chief of the Li Sect,)
(bathed Jianghu in blood.)
(To save the Six Sects of Beichen
from danger,)
(my aunt rushed
to Mount Tu with her blade)
(to fight against Nie Hengcheng.)
(Cai Pingshu, Luoying Valley)
(Nie Hengcheng, Chief of the Li Sect)
(In the end, she killed the villain)
(at the cost of her life.)
(Everyone says)
(she was a legendary heroine.)
(But I only saw her lingering
on a sickbed)
(on the verge of death.)
(I do not want
to repeat the tragic fate)
(of the women of Luoying Valley.)
(I only like a life of food, drinks,)
(and storybooks.)
(But the world)
(does not offer such ease.)
(Later,)
(when I walked their paths they walked,)
(I finally realized)
(that it was)
(not a curse,)
(but fate.)
=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 1=
(Luoying Valley)
Everyone's here to see me off today.
The thought of not seeing you all
for a whole year
truly breaks my heart.
(Cai Zhao, Luoying Valley)
I may be
traveling far,
but my heart
will always stay with you.
(Ingenious Scholar, Luoying Valley)
During my absence,
you must uphold my aunt's wishes.
Whether it's taverns, shops, inns,
or tooth parlors, pawnshops,
and bathhouses,
be fair to all,
and strive for excellence,
so that every traveler from Jianghu...
May they come with delight
and leave satisfied.
Manager Zhao,
- we'll all miss you.
- Yes.
However, that's the rule.
Even if we hate to part,
we must.
(Cai Han, Luoying Valley)
No.
We've finally grown prosperous.
With business thriving,
we can't give up halfway.
For the glorious future
of every street, alley, and shop,
I've decided:
I won't go to Qingque Sect.
Han, let's go home.
You must go.
- Study comes first.
- Yes.
Study is more important.
Manager Zhao,
please travel with peace of mind.
Farewell, Manager Zhao.
(All the Best, Bright Future)
I won't go.
Farewell, Manager Zhao.
- Farewell.
- Go.
I don't want to learn.
Farewell, Manager Zhao.
I won't go.
(Ning Xiaofeng, Lady of Luoying Valley)
(Cai Pingchun, Lord of Luoying Valley)
Go, don't dawdle.
Mother!
Farewell, Manager Zhao.
(Luoying Valley)
Zhao, don't be upset.
Sending disciples
to Qingque Sect for a year
is a tradition
of the Six Sects of Beichen
for over 200 years.
Mother,
I can't adapt to life outside.
I just like staying home.
Your three-year mourning period
for your aunt is over.
Even if the sky falls today,
you must go to Qingque Sect.
If you act so recklessly again,
you'll surely cause a great disaster.
As a sheltered noble lady,
I don't even know
everyone in Jianghu.
How could I cause trouble there?
Zhao,
just treat it as going
through the motions, okay?
Learning martial arts at Qingque Sect
is your aunt's final wish.
You decide for yourself.
Aunt,
I won't join Jianghu.
Can I not train?
Six parts talent,
four parts practice.
When you grow up,
you'll have to rely on yourself.
(Young Cai Zhao, Luoying Valley)
Outside Jianghu,
you still have to be able
to protect yourself.
Milord, a pigeon message.
(Bandits attack; go to Chang Fort)
(10 hours earlier, Chang Fort)
(Chang Ning, Chang Fort)
(Chang Haosheng, Lord of Chang Fort)
- Chang?
- Chang!
Chang!
Don't come closer.
We are the Cais from Luoying Valley.
Calm down. We won't hurt you.
Calm down.
Don't come closer.
Stay calm.
Calm down.
Zhao, don't hurt him.
Uncle Qi?
(Qi Yunke, Lord of Qingque Sect)
Be gentle.
How careless.
He stayed by Chang's body
all night
and fought through the night.
We came too late.
(Please take care)
(of Chang Ning, my only son.)
(I'd be always grateful.)
Yunke.
Mr. Cai.
I've checked the surrounding bodies.
(Li Wenxun, Qingque Sect)
20 in total.
From their weapons and clothing,
their identities are unknown,
but from the marks on their palms,
they are all trained assassins.
Run!
He's heavily wounded,
internal power depleted,
and poisoned
with at least five rare toxins.
Our Yudu Powder
won't work?
After such a desperate battle,
the poison has entered the lungs.
Our sect has medicine.
I'll take him back to heal.
I'll leave the rest to you.
(Grave of Mr. Chang Haosheng)
Father,
should we avenge Uncle Chang?
We must.
It is the elders' matter.
Uncle Chang and Aunt were righteous,
always helping the weak,
charitable and kind,
yet now their family is massacred.
A line in the story goes,
"You shed blood for the world."
"But now, who remembers?"
The world is full of heartless people;
Jianghu is cruel and unjust.
Better not to join it.
Zhao,
every generation has its own Jianghu.
You have to see for yourself
what it is like.
Your mother is right.
(Grave of Mr. Chang Haosheng)
Ning is so badly injured.
Can he be healed?
Uncle Chang treated us like family.
No matter what, we must heal him
and protect him.
(One month later)
(Bottom of Thousandfold Cliff,
Qingque Sect)
Zhao.
This is the only way in and out
of Qingque Sect.
The cliff is full of traps.
Even birds can't pass.
Water can't flow;
mountains can't be crossed.
Truly, the Thousandfold Cliff.
Trace Butterfly.
Aunt,
it's so beautiful.
(Yang Xiaolan, Siqi Sect)
If you know better,
let me take a bowl of your heart blood.
I won't take your life.
(Qi Lingbo, Qingque Sect)
My poison isn't cleared.
Do you dare to take my blood?
(Dai Fengchi, Qingque Sect)
You just want to bully me.
Stop making excuses.
You took Lingbo's Lotus Pill.
Today, I'll take your heart blood.
If you can, kill me,
or I'll repay you
several times over.
Chang Ning?
Lingbo,
forget it.
If this escalates,
it'll be hard to explain to Master.
Fine.
No need for your blood.
Kowtow 18 times,
and I'll let you off.
18 kowtows?
18 years ago,
your mother was attacked by villains.
My father and Ms. Cai helped her.
17 years ago,
in the battle of good and evil,
my father risked his life
to save the Beichen disciples.
15 years ago,
your father wanted revenge
on your grandfather;
my father
risked everything to help.
Even if I don't mention it,
it doesn't mean you can forget.
Speaking of which,
you should kowtow 18 times to me.
Stubborn, huh?
Make him kneel.
(His injuries are healed.)
(How could he be so weak?)
How lively here.
Not quite as I imagined.
Who are you?
Mind your own business.
We are here to learn.
I'm Yang Xiaolan of Siqi Sect.
She is...
Cai Zhao of Luoying Valley?
You must be
Lingbo.
I've heard Uncle Qi's only daughter
is the No. 1 belle in Beichen.
You indeed have bright eyes and teeth,
icy skin,
delicate hands,
and a peerless figure.
Father always tells me
you're clever and obedient.
I have matters to attend to.
Let Fengchi
take you to the Disciples' Dorm first.
Later, we'll have more time together.
Zhao, Xiaolan,
please.
Zhao,
my father used to say
our families are life-and-death allies.
Unlike them, you surely won't
turn a blind eye to me.
Shut up.
Father brought you here
to heal and seek refuge.
How could you say that?
Chang is still severely injured
and confused.
He might scare Zhao.
Someone.
Yes.
Send Chang back
to Peace Chamber to rest.
I understand.
My family now
has only me left.
The sooner I die, the better.
Then you won't carry the shame
of betraying
or abandoning us.
If you lie again,
I'll kill you.
If you dare,
kill me.
Aren't you also the orphan
raised by Lord Qi?
Being raised,
you've become a lackey.
Then I'll let you have it.
Uncle Qi said
everyone here
treats each other
like family.
Since we are family,
there will inevitably be some disputes.
No need to be so violent.
Father is looking for you.
Chang,
come with me.
Let's go.
Wait.
Since you came to learn,
from now on,
we should get along well.
So, don't meddle
in things you shouldn't.
If it ruins sisterly bonds,
how can we practice together?
You can practice on your own.
I don't like martial arts anyway.
Is that so?
Then why come?
To learn.
Uncle Qi is a renowned gentleman.
Even learning a fraction from him
is a lifelong benefit.
Sharp-tongued
and crafty.
Who taught you
such unruliness?
My aunt.
She said
that there are too many rules
in the world,
but conscience
is more important than rules.
My father and Ms. Cai helped them a lot.
They should kneel
and thank us.
No need to waste words on them.
Heartless scum!
How dare you!
I'll teach you a lesson!
(Song Yuzhi, Qingque Sect)
You promised Master
not to bully Chang.
This is outrageous.
Lingbo.
Lord Song is here.
(Zeng Dalou, Qingque Sect)
Lady Yin wants you.
Alright.
(Dusk Palace)
Zhao,
where did you go just now?
Thousandfold Cliff is picturesque.
I just wandered around.
By chance,
I saw Lingbo
and Chang sparring.
Master.
Lingbo,
did you bully Chang again?
I did not.
We were just exercising
and practicing martial arts.
He isn't fully healed.
How can he exercise?
You...
How can you scold your daughter
without reason?
Lingbo is mischievous,
but she knows her limits.
(Yin Sulian, Lady of Qingque Chief)
Most likely,
those juniors are insensible.
Chang,
right?
Yes.
Lingbo kindly invited everyone
to keep me company
to relieve boredom.
(He swallowed his pride?)
(Very different from earlier.)
These juniors quarrel.
What's the big deal?
(Song Shijun, Guangtian Sect)
We were the same.
No.
We wouldn't allow disciples
to bully the weak.
This child is Chang's only boy,
barely surviving.
Is this the way
you treat him?
Since Yunke brought him back,
he has done everything,
even exhausting his internal power
to expel poison and heal him.
You just don't know that.
Is that why you criticize us now?
With so many disciples,
some are bound to be bad.
We'll train them properly later.
Yunke,
you called Ning here
to discuss his family matters, right?
Yes, yes.
Uncle Cai,
Aunt,
thank you both
for collecting my father's remains
and building a memorial
for the 76 disciples
of Chang Fort.
- Come on.
- Get up.
Get up.
Get up now.
Uncle Cai,
any clues to the culprits?
Chang Fort was completely ransacked.
Even the grass was dug up.
They ferreted about.
They seemed
to be looking for something.
It is said that Chang Fort
holds abundant wealth,
with countless rare treasures.
There must be
someone covetous.
The culprit planned meticulously
and acted cruelly.
It's probably not just about money
or treasure.
Could it be
the work of the demon sect?
15 years ago,
Luoying Valley's ambush
wiped out the demon sect elite,
leaving them severely weakened.
They lay dormant for years,
never leaving the Hanhai Mountains.
Now, it seems
they are stirring again.
I remember
Chang Haosheng followed Pingshu,
infiltrating the demon sect
several times.
Could it be that Chang Fort
has some demon sect treasure?
Ning,
has your father ever mentioned
any demon sect treasure
or martial arts manuals?
Are you saying
it's our fault,
deserving this family massacre?
Ning,
I didn't say that.
You are overthinking.
The culprit went to so much trouble
to wipe out the Changs.
There must be a deep grudge.
We must stay alert.
Ning,
rest assured.
I'll help you find the culprit
and give your family justice.
Zhao,
this is the residence
Master arranged for you.
Zhao.
May I ask who you are?
(Fan Xingjia, Qingque Sect)
Fan Xingjia.
Xingjia.
Zhao,
are you satisfied with Chunling Cottage?
(Chunling Cottage)
This must've cost a lot, right?
Indeed.
Come on, Zhao.
Follow me.
The Disciples' Dorm
is far worse
than Chunling Cottage.
Master care
for you
is unmatched.
Master went to great lengths
to keep me here.
Milady.
Milady,
where should I put our luggage?
Follow me.
The Feud Between Nie and Mu?
Mu's Love Affairs?
Han loves reading those things.
I love them.
(Dusk Palace)
(Heroic Legacy)
The Lord is here.
Everyone,
being here for our martial training
once every ten years
is a blessing.
I hope you all cherish it.
Each generation has its own Jianghu.
I hope you
inherit the wishes of your predecessors,
upholding justice,
helping the weak,
sweeping away the bad habits,
and establishing new customs,
so that injustices can be righted,
and everyone can make a contribution.
Yes, milord.
From tomorrow,
meditate at the Yin hour,
adjust breathing at the Mao hour,
practice sword at the Si hour,
and rest at the Hai hour.
Meals should be
light and moderate,
no eating after noon.
Zhao,
you are new here.
I have a gift for you as a welcome.
What gift?
It makes a rushing wind sound,
clearly no ordinary item.
Thank you, Lingbo.
Didn't you say
you don't like martial arts?
That doesn't mean I can't fight.
In Jianghu,
all support is unstable.
If you go out
without self-defense skills,
you might get beaten.
Losing is small,
but losing the face of the Qingque Sect
would be a big problem.
Am I right, everyone?
Marvelous moves.
Yuzhi,
she's bullying me.
What's wrong, Yuzhi?
You want to spar with me too?
I've admired Ms. Cai for years.
I want to spar with you
as friends.
If I'm not mistaken,
you two
are engaged, right?
I don't spar
with someone who has a fiancée
to avoid trouble later,
right, Lingbo?
You...
Ning is eccentric
and scheming.
Uncle Chang was gentle and kind.
How could he raise such a son?
You overthink.
I heard when pregnant,
his mother was startled,
suffered insanity.
So, this child
has been weak and sickly since birth,
with asthma.
His life has been hard enough.
So, his temperament isn't good.
Zhao,
this really was arranged by Uncle Qi?
are you too hungry to focus?
I can't
see through Ning.
Father said
Ning is the real one, right?
You've never met Uncle Chang.
How do you know what he's like?
I know.
Father and Mother always say
that after the Battle of Mount Tu,
(Young Chang Haosheng)
Uncle Chang carried Aunt home.
Also,
during the demon sect's attack on us,
Uncle Chang stayed at the entrance alone
for ten days and nights.
Uncle Chang is the best hero.
A hero's son
endured such tragedy.
It's understandable
if his temperament is odd.
If you can,
kill me.
(One face to the public.)
(One face in private.)
Lingbo kindly invited everyone
to keep me company to relieve boredom.
(He even schemed to drag me in.)
Zhao,
my father used to say
our families are life-and-death allies.
Unlike them, you surely won't
turn a blind eye to me.
(This is really strange.)
Ning.
Zhao.
My mother asked me to deliver medicine.
The tendons are stiff.
I'll apply it for you
to stabilize.
It's so late.
I can do it myself.
Fine.
Let me help you.
(He has asthma.)
(Why wear a furry coat?)
I know what you want to ask.
When I was ten,
my asthma was cured.
My father went to great lengths,
bringing Mountain White from Lingnan,
which were very effective.
Uncle Chang's was so thoughtful.
No wonder my aunt always called him...
Nanny Chang.
You've never been in Jianghu,
but your mind is so meticulous,
leaving no missteps.
If you had also seen
your father die
to save you,
and you had to try and survive,
you'd understand why I'm like this.
Who is it?
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪